Service mesh mentions removed (#9552)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/guides/configuration-management.md

You can also manage WASM filters through Meshery's CLI, mesheryctl.

> The `mesheryctl exp filter` subcommand lets you import and configure filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mesheryctl filter` command lets you import and configure WebAssembly filters.
```
